**END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT**

**MULTIPLEXED FISH IMAGE ANLYSIS SOFTWARE**

PLEASE READ THIS END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT (“EULA”) CAREFULLY. BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, COPYING OR OTHERWISE USING THE PROVIDED SOFTWARE (“SOFTWARE” AS DEFINED BELOW), YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS EULA. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, PLEASE DO NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL, COPY OR OTHERWISE USE THE SOFTWARE. 

This EULA is a legal agreement between you (either an individual or, if acquired by or for an entity, an entity) and the Genome Institute of Singapore (“GIS”), for the Multiplexed FISH Image Analysis software that accompanies this EULA, which may include associated media, printed materials, “online” or electronic documentation, proprietary protocols and databases, and Internet-based services (“Software”).  The terms of this EULA shall govern your use of the Software, regardless of any terms that may appear in connection with your installation or use of the Software. 

1. LICENSE GRANTS, RESTRICTIONS AND LIMITATIONS. 

   1.1	**Software License.**  GIS grants you a non-transferable and non-exclusive license to use the Software subject to all terms and conditions of this EULA, and to make and use an unlimited number of copies of the Software, provided that such copies shall only be used for non-commercial research purposes and are not to be republished or distributed (either in hard copy or in electronic form) beyond your academic or research institution.  You may use the Software only to reproduce the experimental results described in “Highly Specific Multiplexed RNA Imaging in Tissues with Split-FISH" or to generate analysis results from your own experiments.  All rights not specifically granted to you by this EULA shall remain with GIS.  No rights are granted to you to sublicense, rent, or market the Software.  The Software is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws and treaties. GIS or its suppliers own the title, copyright, and other intellectual property rights in the Software. The Software is licensed, not sold. No rights are granted to you under any patents, patent applications, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights.

   1.2 You may distribute the Software to faculty and staff solely for the use described in Section 1.1. You shall advise such faculty and/or staff that use of the Software is strictly governed by the terms and conditions of this EULA (regardless of any license agreement that may appear during an installation process) and is to be used solely pursuant to the use granted in Section 1.1 herein. Any faculty or staff who ceases its association with your academic or research institution shall not be permitted to use the Software without first obtaining a valid license for any such Software. 

   1.3 **Open Source Software.** Certain Software products contain Open Source Software. Open Source Software is composed of a variety of individual software components, each of which has its own copyright and its own applicable license conditions. You must review the licenses within the individual packages to understand your rights under them. The relevant licenses can be found in the code repository’s readme under the [citations](README.md#lic) section, together with a list of standard open-source packages used. 

   1.4 **Restrictions.** Under the terms of this EULA you may not (i) rent, sell, lease, lend, license, sublicense, distribute or otherwise transfer in whole or in part the Software or accompanying documentation to any third party or to anyone who does not have its own valid license to the Software; (ii) provide, disclose, divulge or make available to, or permit use of the Software in whole or in part by, any third party without GIS’s prior written consent or, to anyone who does not have its own valid license to the Software; or (iii) modify or create derivative works based upon the Software, including translating the Software into a different programming language. The Software may not be disclosed or used by anyone not affiliated with your academic or research institution, for any non-research or commercial purposes, and may not be used with any administrative computing use.  You shall not provide access, directly or indirectly, to the Software via the Web or any Internet application, or any file-sharing method or system.

2. **EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.** You agree to comply with all applicable international and national laws that apply to the Software, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, as well as end-user, end-use, and destination restrictions issued by U.S. and other governments. 

3. **DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES.** TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, GIS AND ITS SUPPLIERS PROVIDE THE SOFTWARE AND SUPPORT SERVICES (IF ANY) AS IS AND WITH ALL FAULTS, AND HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL OTHER WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES, DUTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OF RELIABILITY OR AVAILABILITY, OF ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF RESPONSES, OF RESULTS, OF WORKMANLIKE EFFORT, OF LACK OF VIRUSES, AND OF LACK OF NEGLIGENCE, ALL WITH REGARD TO THE SOFTWARE, AND THE PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE SUPPORT OR OTHER SERVICES, INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, AND RELATED CONTENT THROUGH THE SOFTWARE OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE. ALSO, THERE IS NO WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, QUIET POSSESSION, CORRESPONDENCE TO DESCRIPTION, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT WITH REGARD TO THE SOFTWARE. 

4. **EXCLUSION OF DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, AND CERTAIN OTHER DAMAGES.** TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL GIS OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS OR CONFIDENTIAL OR OTHER INFORMATION, FOR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, FOR PERSONAL INJURY, FOR LOSS OF PRIVACY, FOR FAILURE TO MEET ANY DUTY INCLUDING OF GOOD FAITH OR OF REASONABLE CARE, FOR NEGLIGENCE, AND FOR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY OR OTHER LOSS WHATSOEVER) ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, THE PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE SUPPORT OR OTHER SERVICES, INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, AND RELATED CONTENT THROUGH THE SOFTWARE OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE, OR OTHERWISE UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY PROVISION OF THIS EULA, EVEN IN THE EVENT OF THE FAULT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), MISREPRESENTATION, STRICT LIABILITY, BREACH OF CONTRACT, OR BREACH OF WARRANTY OF GIS OR ANY SUPPLIER, AND EVEN IF GIS OR ANY SUPPLIER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 

5. **GENERAL.** This EULA is governed by the laws of the Republic of Singapore. The United Nations Convention for the International Sale of Goods shall not apply. This EULA is the entire agreement between us and supersedes the terms of any purchase orders and any other communications or advertising with respect to the Software. The terms and conditions of any subsequent invoice, waiver, amendment or other such agreement used by GIS in connection with this EULA shall be considered valid and enforceable to the extent that such terms and conditions can be interpreted as consistent with this EULA. If such terms and conditions cannot be interpreted as consistent with this EULA, the terms of this EULA shall control. If any provision of this EULA is held invalid, the remainder of this EULA shall continue in full force and effect. This EULA may be modified only by written agreement signed by authorized representatives of you and GIS. 
Any translation of this License is done for local requirements and in the event of a dispute between the English and any non-English versions, the English version of this License shall govern.
CONTACT INFORMATION If you have any questions about this EULA, or if you want to contact GIS for any reason, please direct all correspondence to: Genome Institute of Singapore, 60 Biopolis St, Singapore 138672. Legal notice shall be sent to the attention of <RESPONSIBLE PARTY>.
